As expected of the richest daughter
Extraordinary temperament
Hey, twist the egg, twist the egg
Haha, I heard it long ago
Director Qiao's father once made one with his own hands
Hundreds of millions of long-life locks
As a token of recognition
I don't know if I have the honor to see a thing or two
Nian Nian, this is Uncle Chen
Well, he wants to see the longevity lock
Uncle Chen, I'm so sorry.
The long-life lock was accidentally damaged before.
I sent him in for repair
Nothing in life is dead or bad
It's gone, I just don't want me to see it
The orphanage has no breath at all.
It's okay. It's okay.
I offended this is a personal item
Jojo doesn't want to show it to us
It's understandable.
I'm not.
Of course he can't take it out
Who is this? Who is this?
This
Didn't you see it?
What kind of relationship is this?
longevity
Because he's not a down payment daughter at all
Can't take out the long life